You are now for a dose of realism,
full disclosure, we made a whole bunch of assumptions relational no correct in reality.
One was the assumption of a perfect map.
It turns out worlds change.
We're going to look into imperfect maps from now on.
Second, was assumption of a static environment,
we assume that the only thing moving is yourself but in reality,
there's other things moving like other planes,
or cars, or birds, what have you.
Thirdly, we assumed that we had a robot that can completely control its state.
Unfortunately, existing robots have what's called holonomic constraints,
they can't move at will.
Here's an example, my car or your car can move at will forwards and backwards,
but it can't move at will left or right.
In fact, to go left or right,
we have engaged a maneuver that you bring the car
back and forth to get the desired motion.
Same is true for my friend,
the drone, the drone,
you might think of can go any direction it wants.
But it turns out there is a holonomic constraint,
which is if you want to go left,
you can't just stay straight.
You have to roll yourself,
divert the air stream and then you're able to go left.
There is a coupling between your left motion and your roll angle.
Let's called a holonomic constraint and now we're going
to look into systems that have these holonomic constraints.